now Perry right in the middle here's a
funny sight seeing those three guys on
one side of the table and Tony G on the
other I call I want to play with him I
got a weak hand I'm still calling you to
rights unless you go all-in
how am I still Khloe for Nolan I'm
Robbie my trace here he's got King Jack
laughs much more a team all I'm calling
Tony G's telling Ralph Perry how much to
raise how much more do you want to make
it just tell me can you put the clock
what is this he's seriously called for
the clock here it's gotten out of fun
and games here and Ralph Perry's gonna
raise 120,000 120 more how much more
easy go I'm olan olan olan you wanna do
you want to do this do this properly
yeah what do you think I am I'm here to
give my chips away D now in this
instance Tony G umbrella n't Lea and
Ralph Perry calls
Tony G got to Ralph Perry you play very
well you play very very well I cannot
see Ralph Ferry calling anybody else in
this situation you're a champion send
you back to Russia
and the flop pair of deuces now for
Tony's year out Terry is in trouble
boring semi dead under fuck putting all
his money in with King Jack :
this is not something someone to learn
from Ralph Perry needs a king or Jack
seven on the turn pair the board baby
Robbie from a good lesson here is down
to the river needs a king or a jack yeah
yeah baby come on Russian get out it's
time to go yeah
look at this look how he's doing look
how it's playing look how ugly this is
you're a professional player and I can
do this to you
you're a terrible player this is
disgraceful I won't bring the Russians
on bring more Russians on I'm here to
get them all you play that as bad as you
can your career is finished you are gone
gone gone feel the power you feel my
power baby feel my power I think Tony G
speaking more like a Lithuanian in an
Australian right now
I got your color is this how you play
you call with King Jack which school you
been to how closest of those Robert
Harry looks like Mike Tyson after Buster
Douglas got through with him Tony G
could single-handedly reignite the Cold
War what you colored like a baby
laughing the up and away
up and away come on on your bike
on your bike despite the assault Ralph
Perry taking the high road and he's in
shock now he doesn't deserve any
applause he called with King Jack
if you read my poker strategy I tell
everyone never never overplay King Jack
on your bike on your boy